docs/how-to-use/as-a-decision-sponsor.md, before:

(as_a_decision_sponsor)=
As a decision sponsor
=====================

```{note}
A decision sponsor may be a member or employee. The average time commitment additional to this role is estimated at 5-15 minutes per decision per fortnight for communication.
```

As a decision sponsor you have overall responsibility for moving a decision through the decision pipeline. You act as a point of contact for the work of a decision team and may be a member of that decision team. You will not necessarily be responsible for implementing a decision.

## Responsibilities

As a {term}`decision sponsor` you have three main responsibilities:

### Communicating regularly

As a decision sponsor you should communicate clearly and regularly on the progress of a decision, including providing asynchronous updates in advance of meetings.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks:

- {ref}`providing_updates`
- {ref}`attending_the_pipeline_review`

### Progressing the decision

As a decision sponsor you should co-ordinate the practical work of moving a decision forward, including scheduling decision-making processes and documenting wrap up steps. You should take steps to withdraw a decision from the pipeline where appropriate.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks: 

- {ref}`coordinating_progress`
- {ref}`scheduling_a_decision`
- {ref}`withdrawing_a_decision`
- {ref}`delegating_a_decision`
- {ref}`wrap_up`
- {ref}`recording_outcome`

### Shaping a proposal and building understanding

As a decision sponsor you should ensure that any proposal is well-thought through, that Members are able to make an informed decision and that you have made efforts to build support, understanding and engagement. This work should be proportionate to the impact of the decision.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks:

- {ref}`shaping_a_decision`
- {ref}`creating_spaces_for_information_and_feedback`
- {ref}`providing_decision_ready_information`

Commit message:

all: s/sponsor/facilitator
Fixes: https://github.com/OpenDataServices/decision-pipeline/issues/3

(`find ./ -name "*.md" | xargs sed -i s/sponsor/facilitator/g`)

docs/how-to-use/as-a-decision-sponsor.md, after:

(as_a_decision_facilitator)=
As a decision facilitator
=====================

```{note}
A decision facilitator may be a member or employee. The average time commitment additional to this role is estimated at 5-15 minutes per decision per fortnight for communication.
```

As a decision facilitator you have overall responsibility for moving a decision through the decision pipeline. You act as a point of contact for the work of a decision team and may be a member of that decision team. You will not necessarily be responsible for implementing a decision.

## Responsibilities

As a {term}`decision facilitator` you have three main responsibilities:

### Communicating regularly

As a decision facilitator you should communicate clearly and regularly on the progress of a decision, including providing asynchronous updates in advance of meetings.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks:

- {ref}`providing_updates`
- {ref}`attending_the_pipeline_review`

### Progressing the decision

As a decision facilitator you should co-ordinate the practical work of moving a decision forward, including scheduling decision-making processes and documenting wrap up steps. You should take steps to withdraw a decision from the pipeline where appropriate.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks: 

- {ref}`coordinating_progress`
- {ref}`scheduling_a_decision`
- {ref}`withdrawing_a_decision`
- {ref}`delegating_a_decision`
- {ref}`wrap_up`
- {ref}`recording_outcome`

### Shaping a proposal and building understanding

As a decision facilitator you should ensure that any proposal is well-thought through, that Members are able to make an informed decision and that you have made efforts to build support, understanding and engagement. This work should be proportionate to the impact of the decision.

This responsibility is fulfilled via the following tasks:

- {ref}`shaping_a_decision`
- {ref}`creating_spaces_for_information_and_feedback`
- {ref}`providing_decision_ready_information`
